updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16492)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/wcf/streaming-provider-wcf-data-services.md

5. Enable access to binary resources on the server or in a data source.

> The examples in this topic are based on a sample streaming photo service, which is discussed in depth in the post [Data Services Streaming Provider Series: Implementing a Streaming Provider (Part 1)](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/astoriateam/2010/08/04/data-services-streaming-provider-series-implementing-a-streaming-provider-part-1/). The source code for the Streaming Photo Data Service sample is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/microsoftarchive/msdn-code-gallery-community-s-z/tree/master/Streaming%20Photo%20OData%20Service%20Sample).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples in this topic are based on a sample streaming photo service, which is discussed in depth in the post [Data Services Streaming Provider Series: Implementing a Streaming Provider (Part 1)](https://docs.microsoft.com/archive/blogs/astoriateam/data-services-streaming-provider-series-implementing-a-streaming-provider-part-1). The source code for the Streaming Photo Data Service sample is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/microsoftarchive/msdn-code-gallery-community-s-z/tree/master/Streaming%20Photo%20OData%20Service%20Sample).
```
